we're moti some weird stuff let's talk
about that
[Music]
good mythical more today we're gonna
watch things on melt ie melt in Reverse
it's gonna make your face man but first
we want to let you know that today's
episode is sponsored by Skillshare an
online learning community that offers
membership with meaning mm-hmm with so
much to explore real projects to create
and the support of fellow creatives
Skillshare empowers you to accomplish
real growth mm-hmm make 2020 a year
where you explore new skills and deepen
existing passions and get lost in
creativity with skills shares online
classes which cover topics like graphic
design music production film and video
web development and more what you find
just might surprise and inspire you
Skillshare offers classes designed for
real life so you can move your creative
journey forward without putting life on
hold you can learn and grow with short
classes that fit your busy routine like
styling your space bringing creativity
to interior design by Emily Henderson
you know my wife really likes Emily
Henderson and interior designs so I
thought I'd check this class out to get
more on her level and you know what
level emily has really helped me
discover my personal style which is
lumberjack frou-frou okay so chair is
also incredibly affordable especially
when compared to pricey in-person
classes and workshops and annual
subscription is less than ten bucks a
month click the link in the description
to get two free months of premium
membership and explore your creativity
but today we're gonna be exploring stuff
else melting thing yeah the only thing
more satisfying than watching things
melt is watching things melt in Reverse
it's time for blood from Master Lucas
has melted a bunch of random things and
he recorded it using time lapse now
we're gonna watch the clips in Reverse
to see who's better at identifying
what's being melted we're gonna have ten
seconds to buzz in and guess what melted
if we guess correctly we get however
many points are left on the timer but if
we guess wrong the other person gets a
chance to guess and then the winner in
the end gets to reverse karate chop the
loser it's gonna be great okay alright
are you ready no I don't have my buzzer
we'll pick up your buzzer okay are you
ready the first clip
it's a lot of paint involved is that
link it's it's a bunch of crayons hmm a
vertical assortment of crayon alright I
think that's right correct
let's watch it I got four points oh yeah
that's nice look at that
all right okay all right no pressure is
our early lead huh
let's see that next clip Oh something
burning you torches oh you already think
you know what it is marshmallows
incorrect is it some sort of okay it's a
stuffed teddy bear correct dang it so
all right I got three points for that
are you sure there's not marshmallows
inside of it you're doing real well
already it's so sad
I don't want to watch that one again did
that teddy bear have a name Robbie yeah
oh you you get more points his name was
Robbie oh yeah I remember last time we
did this like I got real frustrated cuz
what was hat is happening to me what's
happening to you the less that we can
play are you getting frustrated yeah
very frustrated are you guys are you
gonna be opinionated about how to
reverse karate chop I no comment about
that I think that's because was that the
same episode
listen yeah whether I what did it
whether I win or lose it's looking like
I'm gonna lose I'm gonna be a silent rag
doll and be manipulated like I am a
puppet because I refuse to be a part of
a collaborative process of creating a
slow-mo moment with this man that is the
worst teaser you wanna see me be a
puppet and be silent immediate my I'm
gonna look like a dead fish when it's
happening you can still win don't have
some negative out if I win I will let
you manipulate me I refuse to
collaborate you're seething right now
come on
that's okay be happy you ready for the
next one yeah here it is
okay another burning situation well
they're all melting I don't I keep
seeing a burning situation Oh beat me I
think it's a Stretch Armstrong oh boy it
is oh dang I don't know what I was gonna
guess but it wasn't gonna be that look
at that whoa whoa now is Lucas breathing
in all these Stretch Armstrong fumes I
hope he is is that what is not here
right now because more points for you
Lucas is breathing in no Rhett just got
three points so you're in the game there
might be a chance you're not gonna be a
limp fish okay you ready yeah here you
go
okay um ink this is an ice sculpture
incorrect get your points man get your
points get your points Rhett uh it's a
bottle of water
incorrect now we can both go again Oh
rat seriously I didn't even know it was
going it now we can both go again but
it's an ice cube incorrect
link it's it's a it's a bottle of water
that's plastic that's been frozen no it
is like a it's a ball oh my god it's a
water balloon no I know guys this person
is now yours you're literally looking at
guys you don't remember this from
Craig's beautiful winter wonderland cage
oh it's a snow globe yeah but no zero
points for that there's a snake in there
there's no our snake well a picture of
the snake right well yes okay good
okay are you guys the next one I still
can't I mean that still looks like a ice
ball I know what it is now that you told
me but only barely the reflections okay
here we go and go all right oh it's a
can drink do I have to say exactly what
it is
you're already wrong okay
it's think it's a it's a it's a a can of
biscuits okay guys I'm gonna need you to
really concentrate abyss ckets
it's anybody's game here we go it's it's
just spray can spray paint can
you're so disappointed in this this is
hard girl oh right Pringles you got it I
thought it you know how I'm a can of
biscuits it has that like spiral think
like you pop in a like crescents like
Pillsbury yeah president rolls
yeah like crescent rolls or like
cinnamon rolls and biscuits come like
that dog ham biscuits y'all yeah but see
when I'm hard on you and then you get it
right you get more excited that you got
it right so that's why I'm doing it you
know that's how I was raised
you're tied no I was raised in a
performance-oriented household okay here
you go
I was a latchkey kid oh gosh this is
kind of flat oh yeah you don't know I
think it's a flip-flop no oh shoot what
sitka Rock yep hey flip light was a
pretty good guess early on though you
actually don't have to answer with what
is wrong chef did you say what is what
Oh what is a crock cuz I was like what
is a crock y'all almost said a caboodle
okay here's the next one
oh that's slimy
Rett kazoo correct oh dang son three
points for that kazoo kazoo hole you
know your holes okay here we go go
oh man that one we got real hot what is
that on top
Bret jawbreaker correct
no because of the concentric circles
keep the million the contingency I
didn't know a job or you had concentric
circles like have you ever sucked on one
no cuz I don't want to break my jaw you
know it works so hard already well the
tables have really turned link in your
attitude seems has gotten a lot better
okay
hey let's see you more there's still a
chance you can easily come back from
seven now here we go Oh Rhett puppet
slash baby doll when you have two
answers puppet slash baby doll there's a
two separate answer to choose one
incorrect both okay this is this is a
Barbie doll correct
alright and who is it let's find out she
have a microphone she's singing this
Shania Twain Barbie its reporter Barbie
Barbie there should be a Shania Twain
Barbie hey you're only four down I mean
this yes when I'm just guys however many
points all comes down to this I don't
want to make you guys self-conscious but
but your concentration and faces are
getting more and more intense as this
thing we're very focused yeah my mouth
kind of gaped open your eyes like you're
you look yeah I'm a it's a good look
small smoldery looks um okay here we go
trying to put us in we're gonna play
this last one right now
Brett it's a can drink be more specific
ya rabb be more specific
redbull oh no before you play it let's
see it's 15 to 11 that means I'm down by
so I've gotta I gotta get 5 points so no
matter what happens I gotta formulate a
guess at the 5
what were we at and now you now you know
that it's a can't drink and I've guessed
it wrong which kind of cheap we're at 6
okay so I got to do a pretty quick buzz
in here okay here we go
bling lots on the line here for you is
it a sprite my special can I know as I
say it's definitely a think about it
yeah yeah I think that's the blue top
you know you took the top turn blue
that's not red bullet right so I get to
reverse karate chop you wait here's what
I want to do it I want it I want a
forward karate chop you and see what you
would do and then I'll just want to do
it backwards it's pretty simple I know
if I come on if I were to alright you're
already dead so I'm gonna karate chop
you and then you're gonna go into being
dead so you're gonna let's say you start
here and you're looking at you're
looking natural looking natural
okay and then I'm gonna karate chop you
BAM right here and then you're just your
heads just gonna crumple and then your
eyes are going to open it up okay guys
you're gonna close and then they got
your eyes are gonna close and then
they're gonna open and then you're gonna
go further this way and you're gonna
you're gonna go down like that and then
my hand would be back here maybe
yeah so now let's reverse that 3 2 1
come on come on all right wait yep this
is a power plate it's frustrating me all
right so I'm gonna start here and then
you're gonna come back up your heads
gonna be that way and then we're gonna
go like this and then your eyes are
gonna close and then your eyes are gonna
open as my hand comes back that felt
good
thanks for subscribing clicking that
Bell you know what time it is
I'm Bethany I'm Katie and we're cruising
Glacier Bay Alaska and it's time to spin
the wheel of mythicality is that green
screen it looks like they're outdoors
but it sounds like they're indoors
that's what I bet you yeah I believe you
were there click the top link to watch
us guess a bunch of backwards phrases in
good mythical more and if I know
whatever the mythicality is gonna end up
your pin game with our mythical enamel
pins available now at mythical calm